feat: add PermeabilitySpecification as an high-level FieldSpecification (#4019)
GEOS-DEV/GEOS: src/coreComponents/fieldSpecification/docs/PermeabilitySpecification.rst

.. _PermeabilitySpecification:

####################################################
Permeability specification
####################################################

Overview
======================

> **PermeabilitySpecification** is an optional, higher-level XML tag that you can place in the **FieldSpecifications** block. 
> It describes a 3-axis permeability on one or more element regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**PermeabilitySpecification** is a XML tag that you can place in the **FieldSpecifications** block to describe a 3-axis permeability on one or more element regions.
It is an higher-level component than **FieldSpecification**, specialized on permeability.
```

After the input deck is read, GEOS expands each **PermeabilitySpecification** into several **FieldSpecification** objects (one per region and per axis) that the rest of the code already understands.

This is convenient when you want the same **setNames**, **fieldName**, and other attributes for all three permeability components, instead of repeating three nearly identical **FieldSpecification**.

Examples
===============

The following illustrates a **PermeabilitySpecification** for a single region.

.. code-block:: xml

   <FieldSpecifications>
     ...
     <PermeabilitySpecification
       name="perm"
       setNames="{ all }"

>        regionNames="{ reservoir/block1 }"

Reviewer: Can we do that?
```suggestion
       regionNames="{ reservoir }"
```

And what about that to target all region? (maybe you'd have to implement something on ``*`` in the factory)
```suggestion
       regionNames="{ * }"
```

Maybe we should these syntaxes in the examples.
